PR: Add documentation for Spyder-notebook (#264)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/plugins/notebook.rst

=======================
Installing the Notebook
=======================

If you installed Spyder using conda, the best way to install Spyder-notebook is to run the following command in your terminal or Anaconda prompt on Windows:

.. code-block:: bash

   conda install spyder-notebook -c spyder-ide

.. important::

   At the moment it is not possible to use this plugin with the Spyder :ref:`standalone_installers_ref` for Windows and macOS. We're working to make that possible in the future.

Restart Spyder in order to be able to use the plugin.

==================
Using the Notebook
==================

When the Notebook is installed, it will be available under the menu item :menuselection:`View --> Panes --> Notebook`.

.. image:: /images/notebook/notebook-view-panes.png
   :alt: Spyder showing view panes Notebook

You will see it then as a tab in the bottom of the editor area. When switching to it, a welcome screen will be displayed, from where you can create a new notebook by right-clicking it and selecting :guilabel:`New notebook`.

> .. image:: /images/notebook/notebook-new-notebook-option.png

Reviewer: I think it'd be nice to highlight with a red square or circle the notebook tab in this screeshot because lot of people miss it, like this

![imagen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/365293/125839301-50c60914-d9d4-45d6-80bc-07fcb8958ad4.png)

   :alt: Spyder with context menu showing new notebook option

You can also click the :guilabel:`Plus` button at the top right of the pane. A new Jupyter Notebook will be opened as a tab, ready for user input in a temporary file. This can serve as a scratch pad where you can do quick calculations and plots.

> .. image:: /images/notebook/notebook-new-notebook.png

Reviewer: I think this is also missing a red square or circle around the plus button

![imagen](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/365293/125839538-b9663b07-2a57-4d38-9f2d-66b2e6377225.png)

   :alt: Spyder showing a new notebook

To save this notebook go to the options menu at the top right of the pane and click the :guilabel:`Save as...` option. This will store your notebook locally with ``ipynb`` extension which will allow you to open it then as a Jupyter Notebook outside of Spyder.

.. image:: /images/console/console-standard.png
   :alt: Gif showing save as

You can also open any Jupyter Notebook inside Spyder. For this go to the options menu at the top right of the pane and click :guilabel:`Open` which will allow you to browse the files in your computer. Click any notebook that you want to open inside Spyder and you will be able to see it as a new tab in the Notebook pane.

.. image:: /images/console/console-standard.png
   :alt: Gif showing opening a Jupyter notebook inside Spyder

The :guilabel:`Open recent` option displays a list of the recent notebooks you opened in Spyder from which you can select them and open them in Spyder too.

=============================
Connecting an Ipython Console
=============================

> You can connect an Ipython Console to your notebook which will allow you to view the variables of your notebook in the :guilabel:`Variable Explorer`. To do so, go to the options menu and click the :guilabel:`Open console` option. This will open a new console with the same name of your notebook and display in the Variable Explorer, the variables of the cells that you have executed preciously in your Notebook.

Author: Not sure replacing "of your notebook" by "you have created" is accurate since I'm trying to make sure that they know that the variables they can view are the ones they are calling in the notebook. Do you think this is clear enough with your suggestion? Also it makes it sound like the variables are being created in the variable explorer which is also not true.
About the "pressing enter" part, when running the cells before creating the console, pressing enter is not necessary since once the console is created the variables appear automatically. However if the console is opened and then the cells are ran, pressing enter is indeed necessary.

.. image:: /images/console/console-standard.png
   :alt: Gif showing connecting console and displaying variables

You can view, modify and create new ones in the console.

> Since the Variable Explorer is associated to each console, closing the notebook's console will immediately delete the variables from your variable explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the Variable Explorer is associated to each console, closing the notebook's console will immediately hide the variables from the Variable Explorer.
```

* `delete` is a strong word because it could mean that we could remove the variables created previously by the user, which we obviously don't. So I think hide is a better word.
* I think it's better to say `the Variable Explorer` instead of `your variable explorer`

==================
Additional Options
==================

> The context menu, available by right-clicking pane area outside of the notebook, allows you to zoom your notebook in or out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The context menu, available by right-clicking the pane area outside the notebook, allows you to zoom your notebook in or out.
```

I think `of` is not necessary but could be wrong about it.
